I see you don't want to live anymore
To hell with it.
Ah how
Dr. Xu
Don't worry.
Ray wants to see them one by one
It's not finished yet.
What happened to you again?
All our big investors lost their cars
Goodbye, the project funding chain is broken.
The bank is also urging us to pay back the money.
Otherwise, put all the items in a recycling auction
And the workers are on strike
Did you get paid?
Quickly find Mr. Chang
Mr. Zheng, Miss Lu, they are rich
They did.
As long as our Xu family has a way, they will definitely help us.
Go, you don't need to look for it.
How can I help you find it?
You guessed right
The three people you just mentioned
The boss behind them
It's my Xu Jialuo's end today
I have submitted your criminal evidence.
Waiting for you to eat old rice